[Music] It
's a piece of cake
what Marta told me this
afternoon seems great to me it came out
Well yesterday it came out yesterday the day before yesterday
this guy Diego from Temptation Island came out
saying that I think it's really
ugly I mean just like I criticized
Isabel Ávila at the time who is the blonde
This one who is on Twitter stealing that I
call her on Twitter
well written a little while ago Well I'll
tell it later I'll tell it you
have to tell me that
crawling like so they take her
to Sálvame please already all of her Twitter is
dedicated to tagging Sálvame and it's like
you're a real trinker no I mean she
presents Got Talent and shows off your talent
but remember I'm patenting the
coffee train You might be more typical if this
show goes well Let's do the
trincafé family you all have to give it to me
I'm seeing 3,000
people here and I don't know I get 1,500
likes I don't know if they're real or not but I
want 3,000 likes right now because
we're going to no coffees and This goes for  up
but I want to say one thing I swear
that if this goes up I swear that
I don't know about you but next week
I'll prepare a song that people say
here I stand and no no and I swear that I'll start
singing it and dancing to it but
then I'll go on Twitter and people
are already crazy but oh well I want to tell you
son You have to have a little humor
we are all everyone is bitter
we are bitter a little bit of happiness
I really inaugurate the tricafé
but of course if you and more Well that too
I do whatever you are going to sing
Today I came dressed
because it was the first but I don't know if
people are finding out but
Marina is going to come Every Tuesday that
every Tuesday of
course
the audience like the
sovereign audience If people say
a kiss Marina then I'll go and I'll do the
coffee train Well I don't know where coffee was
Well this boy has come out Diego also
for that that you have something with a
person with another person
be it a flirtation sizes roll you have
exchanges messages or whatever and you
go  to tell it out of context
because one thing for example Is that the
other person is the first to speak and
you have to come out and deny it Hey not
because of those messages like that but
you know that this girl is here right now
because it's really obvious that
they're crazy about Antonio David and you do
this for what To get featured in a
couple of articles so that they call you a
couple of times save me daily or rather it
seems ridiculous to me no But this
guy came out saying like he was
flirting with Marta that Marta tried
something with him that they even met in
Charmantín which is an area of ​​Madrid which
also fits me because I think Marta
moves around there if she doesn't live nearby she
moves around there and
now Fanny came out today from
Temptation Island to say that
Marta also tried it with
Christopher
and it's like that I don't I mean I can't believe
that she had at some point in
these times that she's had a bad relationship with
Antonio Gabilo whatever she
had the best thing she liked
Diego I could believe it but Cristofer
can I ask to speak before you
tell  what Mrs. Marta told you,
risk the lady, let's see if it's
true. Let's see what Diego said was that they are
in a small reality show, they
obviously asked him knowing that
it was going to have repercussions and
yes, it is true that what he said
is that they did not get along but that
as a person And as an uncle, it seems that he
understood that Marta was hitting on him so he
is a little bit of a jerk, no and then
regarding Cristofer, knowing
Marta, I doubt that Diego would be a bad fit for me
but I doubt that his type is Cristofer
but someone from what you are watching us
is her type Christopher, the boyfriend, I mean, it can't be no No,
really, with all my
love It's that you can't be a mother but
well, super,
conformity and comfort are
underrated. But well, we don't
love Fanny in fact, thanks to
me, one time she was a sálvame and she took home
€2,000.  no more no I think that Marta
shouldn't be giving it a goosebump and I think that she has
given it a little no no no no no no no she hasn't
done it she wanted to answer me because
I have written to her but let's say she's sweating the
subject like it's not going to go down
she's not going to bite the bullet she told me that she was on a
trip with Antonio David in fact
he greeted me too uh in the message
in the call that they are great
that he is very happy that
these nonsense have not affected them at all and that
obviously she has never flirted with either of
these two nor has she had anything nor have I
tried anything but we are super far
from reality that she has had contact
with many people for work and that of
course for example she told me that
with Diego it is true that they have
gotten along very well that it is very good but
that it seemed awful to her what he has
done that it seems to me that they are
asking him but they are asking him because he already
sees himself as a video that I don't know what
that video will be about that it will be more of a show or
something but it looks like a video in which
he has already told it before that's why he
questions
Diego So unlike you who has been
prudent and who also The kid I don't
know I don't understand much but well the
thing is that it's clear that she couldn't care less about
this issue and there's one
thing that I'll put my hand in the
fire for and look that I put it for a few
things I realized the other day although we
all already knew it and that is that Marta is
totally in love with Antonio David it's that
nobody can discuss it because it's
brutal it's that it's all day long and my
boyfriend my boyfriend and I don't know what he imitates the
limit is like such the way she
talks about him, looking at him, talking to him I
say mother
but of course to the point that she's already
aware that this has taken its toll
on her professional level And that's a
reality or rather Marta before
the whole Antonio David issue came out Marta
washes the dishes with more white
follows because of going out that was more
frequently But it's true and I've always
I've told Marta For me
as a professional as a journalist she's
very good It's that I, I, I
have to say what I see as a reporter she's very
good it's true she understands very
well  the show knows she's good dude So
in the end this is like a little stain
that she decided to have because it
compensates for what I feel for Antonio David
what do I think Well on the one hand kamikaze
and on the other hand applaudable and brave I
mean I want to tell you that knowing that at
a certain stage she has been the
repudiated of or rather or the girlfriend of the
sea repudiated by one by half of
society or by You know She seems brave to me
I don't know what she would have done I suppose the
same as she is knowing me but
let's say of course some mistakes at the
beginning Of course she
gave us a bad feeling but then you
live a year later to me the girl has
been a character and I call funny she's not
very funny no the other day to see
our children but you admire she doesn't
seem like bad people to me and above all I what you
had I see her in chochaissima but
the typical you know the typical adolescent the
typical adolescent love that you have
always liked like you have loved
someone physically and then you are with
him and on top of that you are deeply in love And I
tell you another thing and and Antonio David  is
living or I think he feels like he's
living a second youth both
at the level of the look of the study to eating at
the restaurants he's like freaking out like
saying where am I you know how I met
with a smile that I say my god
[ __ ] if he's happy
and for me Antonio David has made a
thousand mistakes Marta another thousand but man if they are
happy Well phenomenal just like if
Olga is with a partner or without her
phenomenal it's that we have like a Mania
of and I understand and for me Marta has
done things wrong both on social networks
and some things that she has said that
I haven't liked one bit But
well because sometimes I think that Marta is not
self-critical and you know that very
also very Passionate very such for the
good for the bad and well I don't know but
well I already tell you that if they are happy I
want to tell you what you
and I have to say about it not about
Marta no
Which of all of Marta have you not told me
that we have to tell me something
have you spoken to her Ah Well it's that more
or less she has told me a little the same
as you no that more or  at least yes that he
against they talked that he talked a lot about
issues of reports for Ana Rosa and such
for work issues that yes it is
true that they got along very well and that they
talked such but let's laugh as if
making me understand that what are you saying You know It's that
no now yes I also tell you what
has happened no that only
they will know because in the end well we have like
the version of one the answer
that the guy on top of that tells you no no but let's
see it's that we have never hooked up
So what are you telling me man you are
getting into trouble there it is for
free to China but this guy
who comes out of a reality show of this style the
year the presentations really knows
that that is going to generate something that
when it comes out you will have a moment on
the mmp Channel on my channel that a
month ago the guy was criticizing and saying
Borja Escalona because you Escalona
was looking for his mouth and was
telling him that you are talking about me so
that you call yourself or I will come out how is it that
everyone reads everything that
Borja Escalona does talking about this guy no I do
n't understand that one I don't  I understand that he
hasn't challenged us to fight. He
also sent me an audio challenging me to
debate. Now I'm telling him to
come and now his time is running out.
And I'm going to tell him to come here.
How horrible, not here on my fighting channel,
as the lady says. Let's see.
It was to watch it, to have
a debate. You know what my debate is like. Yes,
yes, yes, but let's say I don't know what you were going to
debate. I feel like you invited
me because I said no, no, because
the live show was going to end after a minute and a half. But let's say
I know that you take it more as
such, but to me this
[Music]